src/content/programs/airline-transport-pilot.md, before:

---
title: "Airline Transport Pilot"
description: "Understand the requirements for the FAA Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) Certificate. Learn about the pathways to professional airline operations and the criteria for ATP eligibility."
order: 5
image: "/src/assets/facebook/pilot-in-commercial-aircraft-cockpit.jpg"
alt: "Pilot in commercial aircraft cockpit"
reverse: false
top: false

programIntroduction:
  title: "The Highest Level of Pilot Certification"
  upperheader: "Airline Transport Pilot"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "The Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) Certificate represents the pinnacle of professional aviation. While Eagle Aircraft does not currently offer a formal ATP training program, we provide this information to help our students and alumni understand the requirements for transitioning into airline and advanced commercial flight operations."
    - "This guide supports pilots understanding both traditional ATP requirements and those pursuing a Restricted ATP (R-ATP) through approved university pathways."
  highlights:
    - highlightName: "Status"
      highlightValue: "Informational Only"
    - highlightName: "ATP Min Age"
      highlightValue: "23 Years"
  programHighlights:
    benefits:
      - "FAA Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) certification standards"
      - "Information on ATP and Restricted ATP (R-ATP) eligibility"
      - "FAA-required ATP Certification Training Program (CTP) overview"
      - "Guidance on meeting airline industry flight hour minimums"
      - "Professional instructors available for career mentorship"
      - "Pathway alignment with commercial airline standards"
    requirements:
      - "Minimum age 23 for ATP (21 for Restricted ATP)"
      - "1,500 total flight hours (1,000–1,250 hours for R-ATP)"
      - "Commercial Pilot Certificate"
      - "Instrument Rating"
      - "Valid FAA medical certificate (1st or 2nd class)"

firstCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/pilot-in-commercial-aircraft-cockpit.jpg"
  title: "What Is an ATP Certificate?"
  upperheader: "Captain Eligibility"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "An ATP certificate is required for pilots to serve as Captain (Pilot in Command) for Part 121 airline operations, advanced charter, and corporate flight departments. To qualify, pilots must demonstrate extensive flight experience and advanced aeronautical knowledge."
    - "Eagle Aircraft provides the professional-level foundation through our Commercial and CFI programs, emphasizing airline-standard operating procedures and crew resource management (CRM)."

whatIsIncluded:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/pilot-in-commercial-aircraft-cockpit.jpg"
  title: "Medical & Certification Requirements"
  upperheader: "FAA Standards"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "ATP pilots must maintain strict medical standards and complete regular reviews to remain current in the industry."
  bulletPointLists:
    - title: "Medical Certificates"
      items:
        - "First Class FAA Medical: Required for airline captains (Renewed every 6 months)"
        - "Second Class FAA Medical: (Renewed every 12 months)"
    - title: "Standard ATP Eligibility"
      items:
        - "Total flight time: 1,500 hours"
        - "ATP Certification Training Program (CTP) completion"
        - "FAA knowledge and practical test passage"
    - title: "Restricted ATP (R-ATP)"
      items:
        - "Minimum age: 21"
        - "Flight time: 1,000–1,250 hours (based on approved degree)"
        - "University partnerships supported for structured routes"

whyUs:
  title: "Who This Information Is For"
  upperheader: "Career Mentorship"
  topicTitle: "Preparing for the ATP"
  topicDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Even though we do not offer the final ATP rating, our programs are designed to build the experience and discipline necessary for the highest level of certification."
  bulletTitle: "Target Groups"
  bulletDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "We provide guidance for several key groups looking to advance their careers:"
  bulletPoints:
    - "Airline-Bound Pilots planning Part 121 careers"
    - "R-ATP University Graduates transitioning to hour minimums"
    - "Professional Commercial Pilots upgrading to ATP status"
  closingTitle: "Building Your 1,500 Hours"
  closingDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Most pilots reach ATP minimums by instructing. At Eagle Aircraft, our instructors build experience through consistent flight schedules and mentor-based environments."

trainingProgression:
  title: "Understanding the ATP Pathway"
  upperheader: "Career Milestones"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "While not taught on-site, we help you navigate the common steps to reach your airline career goals."
  phases:
    - phaseTitle: "Milestone 1: Foundation"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Complete Private, Instrument, and Commercial ratings"
        - "Monitor flight time, certificates, and medical status"
    - phaseTitle: "Milestone 2: Hour Building"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Acquire 1,000 to 1,500 total hours (typically via CFI)"
        - "Consult on R-ATP eligibility if applicable"
    - phaseTitle: "Milestone 3: Advanced Certification"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Complete the FAA-mandated ATP CTP course"
        - "Pass the ATP knowledge exam"
    - phaseTitle: "Milestone 4: Practical Test"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Schedule FAA Practical Test with a DPE"
        - "Final ATP Certification"
  outcome: "Airline Transport Pilot Certificate"

faq:
  title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
  upperheader: "ATP INFO"
  qnas:
    - question: "Does Eagle Aircraft offer an ATP program?"
      answer: "No. We provide foundational training (Private through CFI) needed to reach the required hours for the ATP."
    - question: "What is the ATP CTP course?"
      answer: "It is an FAA-mandated training program including ground instruction and simulator training, required before taking the ATP knowledge exam."
    - question: "Can I qualify for a Restricted ATP?"
      answer: "Yes, if you complete an approved aviation degree, requirements can be reduced to 1,000–1,250 hours."
    - question: "How often must I renew my medical?"
      answer: "Airline captains (1st Class) must renew every 6 months; standard 2nd Class medicals are renewed every 12 months."

finalCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/pilot-in-commercial-aircraft-cockpit.jpg"
  title: "Plan Your Professional Pathway"
  upperheader: "Career Guidance"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Our professional instructors are available to discuss your career pathway and help you plan your time-building phases toward the airlines."
  mainButtonText: "Contact for Mentorship"
  mainButtonLink: "/about/contact"
  secondButtonText: "Call Now"
  secondButtonLink: "tel:+12194640132"
---

Commit message:

Adds warning for pricing ranges + format prices to match range format

src/content/programs/airline-transport-pilot.md, after:

---
title: "Airline Transport Pilot"
description: "Understand the requirements for the FAA Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) Certificate. Learn about the pathways to professional airline operations and the criteria for ATP eligibility.<br><span>*Contact us for your personalized pricing estimate</span>"
order: 5
image: "/src/assets/facebook/pilot-in-commercial-aircraft-cockpit.jpg"
alt: "Pilot in commercial aircraft cockpit"
reverse: false
top: false

programIntroduction:
  title: "The Highest Level of Pilot Certification"
  upperheader: "Airline Transport Pilot"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "The Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) Certificate represents the pinnacle of professional aviation. While Eagle Aircraft does not currently offer a formal ATP training program, we provide this information to help our students and alumni understand the requirements for transitioning into airline and advanced commercial flight operations."
    - "This guide supports pilots understanding both traditional ATP requirements and those pursuing a Restricted ATP (R-ATP) through approved university pathways."
  highlights:
    - highlightName: "Status"
      highlightValue: "Informational Only"
    - highlightName: "ATP Min Age"
      highlightValue: "23 Years"
  programHighlights:
    benefits:
      - "FAA Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) certification standards"
      - "Information on ATP and Restricted ATP (R-ATP) eligibility"
      - "FAA-required ATP Certification Training Program (CTP) overview"
      - "Guidance on meeting airline industry flight hour minimums"
      - "Professional instructors available for career mentorship"
      - "Pathway alignment with commercial airline standards"
    requirements:
      - "Minimum age 23 for ATP (21 for Restricted ATP)"
      - "1,500 total flight hours (1,000–1,250 hours for R-ATP)"
      - "Commercial Pilot Certificate"
      - "Instrument Rating"
      - "Valid FAA medical certificate (1st or 2nd class)"

firstCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/pilot-in-commercial-aircraft-cockpit.jpg"
  title: "What Is an ATP Certificate?"
  upperheader: "Captain Eligibility"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "An ATP certificate is required for pilots to serve as Captain (Pilot in Command) for Part 121 airline operations, advanced charter, and corporate flight departments. To qualify, pilots must demonstrate extensive flight experience and advanced aeronautical knowledge."
    - "Eagle Aircraft provides the professional-level foundation through our Commercial and CFI programs, emphasizing airline-standard operating procedures and crew resource management (CRM)."

whatIsIncluded:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/pilot-in-commercial-aircraft-cockpit.jpg"
  title: "Medical & Certification Requirements"
  upperheader: "FAA Standards"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "ATP pilots must maintain strict medical standards and complete regular reviews to remain current in the industry."
  bulletPointLists:
    - title: "Medical Certificates"
      items:
        - "First Class FAA Medical: Required for airline captains (Renewed every 6 months)"
        - "Second Class FAA Medical: (Renewed every 12 months)"
    - title: "Standard ATP Eligibility"
      items:
        - "Total flight time: 1,500 hours"
        - "ATP Certification Training Program (CTP) completion"
        - "FAA knowledge and practical test passage"
    - title: "Restricted ATP (R-ATP)"
      items:
        - "Minimum age: 21"
        - "Flight time: 1,000–1,250 hours (based on approved degree)"
        - "University partnerships supported for structured routes"

whyUs:
  title: "Who This Information Is For"
  upperheader: "Career Mentorship"
  topicTitle: "Preparing for the ATP"
  topicDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Even though we do not offer the final ATP rating, our programs are designed to build the experience and discipline necessary for the highest level of certification."
  bulletTitle: "Target Groups"
  bulletDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "We provide guidance for several key groups looking to advance their careers:"
  bulletPoints:
    - "Airline-Bound Pilots planning Part 121 careers"
    - "R-ATP University Graduates transitioning to hour minimums"
    - "Professional Commercial Pilots upgrading to ATP status"
  closingTitle: "Building Your 1,500 Hours"
  closingDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Most pilots reach ATP minimums by instructing. At Eagle Aircraft, our instructors build experience through consistent flight schedules and mentor-based environments."

trainingProgression:
  title: "Understanding the ATP Pathway"
  upperheader: "Career Milestones"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "While not taught on-site, we help you navigate the common steps to reach your airline career goals."
  phases:
    - phaseTitle: "Milestone 1: Foundation"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Complete Private, Instrument, and Commercial ratings"
        - "Monitor flight time, certificates, and medical status"
    - phaseTitle: "Milestone 2: Hour Building"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Acquire 1,000 to 1,500 total hours (typically via CFI)"
        - "Consult on R-ATP eligibility if applicable"
    - phaseTitle: "Milestone 3: Advanced Certification"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Complete the FAA-mandated ATP CTP course"
        - "Pass the ATP knowledge exam"
    - phaseTitle: "Milestone 4: Practical Test"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Schedule FAA Practical Test with a DPE"
        - "Final ATP Certification"
  outcome: "Airline Transport Pilot Certificate"

faq:
  title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
  upperheader: "ATP INFO"
  qnas:
    - question: "Does Eagle Aircraft offer an ATP program?"
      answer: "No. We provide foundational training (Private through CFI) needed to reach the required hours for the ATP."
    - question: "What is the ATP CTP course?"
      answer: "It is an FAA-mandated training program including ground instruction and simulator training, required before taking the ATP knowledge exam."
    - question: "Can I qualify for a Restricted ATP?"
      answer: "Yes, if you complete an approved aviation degree, requirements can be reduced to 1,000–1,250 hours."
    - question: "How often must I renew my medical?"
      answer: "Airline captains (1st Class) must renew every 6 months; standard 2nd Class medicals are renewed every 12 months."

finalCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/pilot-in-commercial-aircraft-cockpit.jpg"
  title: "Plan Your Professional Pathway"
  upperheader: "Career Guidance"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Our professional instructors are available to discuss your career pathway and help you plan your time-building phases toward the airlines."
  mainButtonText: "Contact for Mentorship"
  mainButtonLink: "/about/contact"
  secondButtonText: "Call Now"
  secondButtonLink: "tel:+12194640132"
---
