src/content/programs/commercial-pilot.md, before:

---
title: "Commercial Pilot License"
description: "Earn your Commercial Pilot License and fly for compensation. Professional training in advanced maneuvers, complex aircraft operations, and commercial aviation standards. Your gateway to paid flying careers."
order: 3
image: "/src/assets/facebook/n1449c-cessna-172s-student-with-certificate-leaning-on-plane.jpg"
alt: "N1449C Cessna 172S student with certificate leaning on plane"
reverse: true
top: true

programIntroduction:
  title: "Your Professional Aviation Career Starts Here"
  upperheader: "Commercial Pilot License"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "The Commercial Pilot License (CPL) is your ticket to flying for compensation—the essential credential for charter operations, flight instruction, aerial photography, and the foundation for airline careers."
    - "At Eagle Aircraft, we train professional-caliber commercial pilots using a structured FAA Part 141 syllabus. Our focus on precision flying, decision-making under pressure, and career preparation ensures you're not just certified—you're ready for the industry."
  highlights:
    - highlightName: "Duration"
      highlightValue: "6–8 months"
    - highlightName: "Cost"
      highlightValue: "~$26,000"
  programHighlights:
    benefits:
      - "Primary training path via FAA Part 141"
      - "Minimum 120 flight hours required under Part 141"
      - "High-performance & complex aircraft endorsements included"
      - "Professional standards training—not just checkride minimums"
      - "Experienced instructors dedicated to career preparation"
    requirements:
      - "Valid Private Pilot Certificate"
      - "Instrument Rating (required)"
      - "Current FAA medical certificate (2nd class minimum)"
      - "18 years of age"
      - "Meet Part 141 or Part 61 flight time requirements"

firstCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/n1449c-cessna-172s-student-with-certificate-leaning-on-plane.jpg"
  title: "The Eagle Aircraft Advantage"
  upperheader: "Professional Development"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Most of our students utilize the Part 141 path, which is the primary requirement for our university and international partners. This structured syllabus uses Phase Checks to gauge competency, ensuring you are hitting your marks at every step of the program."
    - "You’ll finish your training with real-world proficiency in complex, high-performance aircraft. This experience is vital when applying for your first commercial job in charter or cargo operations."

whatIsIncluded:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/n1449c-cessna-172s-student-with-certificate-leaning-on-plane.jpg"
  title: "Comprehensive Commercial Training"
  upperheader: "What's Included"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Our Commercial program provides an efficient path for students enrolled in professional pilot programs, focusing on advanced maneuvers and complex systems."
  bulletPointLists:
    - title: "Flight Training"
      items:
        - "Minimum 120 hours flight time (Part 141)"
        - "Complex aircraft training (retractable gear, constant-speed prop)"
        - "High-performance endorsement (200+ HP)"
        - "Advanced maneuvers: Chandelles, Lazy Eights, Eights-on-Pylons"
        - "Precision power-off 180-degree accuracy landings"
    - title: "Ground Instruction"
      items:
        - "Structured Part 141 Ground School"
        - "Advanced aerodynamics and commercial regulations"
        - "Scenario-based risk management training"
        - "FAA written and oral exam preparation"
    - title: "Materials & Support"
      items:
        - "All training materials and textbooks"
        - "Complex aircraft checkout (Piper or similar)"
        - "Checkride coordination with a DPE"
        - "Optional on-site housing ($500/month)"

whyUs:
  title: "Who This Program Is For"
  upperheader: "Career Pathways"
  topicTitle: "Aspiring Career Pilots"
  topicDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Commercial certification is the required step before moving into Flight Instructor (CFI) roles to build the time necessary to meet ATP minimums."
  bulletTitle: "Career Opportunities"
  bulletDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Our graduates are prepared for various sectors of the industry, including:"
  bulletPoints:
    - "Charter and Cargo operations"
    - "Flight Instruction (CFI Pathway)"
    - "Aerial Photography and mapping"
    - "Corporate flight departments"
  closingTitle: "Financing Your Goals"
  closingDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Eagle Aircraft works with several aviation-specific lenders like Stratus Financial, AOPA, and Sallie Mae to help you reach your professional goals."

trainingProgression:
  title: "Phase-Based Commercial Training"
  upperheader: "TRAINING ROADMAP"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Your training follows an FAA-approved syllabus with designated Phase Checks performed by senior flight instructors."
  phases:
    - phaseTitle: "Phase 1: Complex Transition"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Transition to retractable gear and constant-speed prop"
        - "High-performance engine management"
        - "Commercial-level precision standards intro"
        - "First Commercial Phase Check"
    - phaseTitle: "Phase 2: Performance Maneuvers"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Mastering Chandelles, Lazy Eights, and Eights-on-Pylons"
        - "Power-off 180-degree accuracy landings"
        - "Steep spirals and emergency descents"
        - "Maneuver Proficiency Phase Check"
    - phaseTitle: "Phase 3: Cross-Country & Night"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Long-distance commercial cross-country flights"
        - "Advanced night navigation and airport ops"
        - "Focus on ADM and risk management"
        - "Cross-Country Phase Check"
    - phaseTitle: "Phase 4: Checkride Prep"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Comprehensive maneuver review to ACS standards"
        - "Mock oral exams on regulations and systems"
        - "Final Practical Test preparation"
  outcome: "FAA Commercial Pilot Certificate"

faq:
  title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
  upperheader: "CPL INFO"
  qnas:
    - question: "Why is Part 141 training required?"
      answer: "It provides the structure required by our third-party programs (including Liberty University) and allows for more consistent oversight."
    - question: "How many hours are required for the Commercial Certificate?"
      answer: "Under Part 141, the minimum is 120 hours. Under Part 61, the requirement is 250 hours."
    - question: "What is the typical timeline for completion?"
      answer: "The typical timeline is 6–8 months, depending on student schedule and proficiency."
    - question: "Is housing available?"
      answer: "Yes, we offer on-site student housing for $500 per month."

finalCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/n1449c-cessna-172s-student-with-certificate-leaning-on-plane.jpg"
  title: "Ready to Start Your Professional Career?"
  upperheader: "Enroll Today"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Contact us today to discuss your career goals or to learn more about our commercial pilot training program."
  mainButtonText: "Enroll Now"
  mainButtonLink: "/enrollment"
  secondButtonText: "Contact Us"
  secondButtonLink: "/about/contact"
---

Commit message:

Adds warning for pricing ranges + format prices to match range format

src/content/programs/commercial-pilot.md, after:

---
title: "Commercial Pilot License"
description: "Earn your Commercial Pilot License and fly for compensation. Professional training in advanced maneuvers, complex aircraft operations, and commercial aviation standards. Your gateway to paid flying careers.<br><span class=\"text-sm italic\">*Contact us for your personalized pricing estimate</span>"
order: 3
image: "/src/assets/facebook/n1449c-cessna-172s-student-with-certificate-leaning-on-plane.jpg"
alt: "N1449C Cessna 172S student with certificate leaning on plane"
reverse: true
top: true

programIntroduction:
  title: "Your Professional Aviation Career Starts Here"
  upperheader: "Commercial Pilot License"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "The Commercial Pilot License (CPL) is your ticket to flying for compensation—the essential credential for charter operations, flight instruction, aerial photography, and the foundation for airline careers."
    - "At Eagle Aircraft, we train professional-caliber commercial pilots using a structured FAA Part 141 syllabus. Our focus on precision flying, decision-making under pressure, and career preparation ensures you're not just certified—you're ready for the industry."
  highlights:
    - highlightName: "Duration"
      highlightValue: "6–8 months"
    - highlightName: "Cost"
      highlightValue: "$23,000 – $30,000*"
  programHighlights:
    benefits:
      - "Primary training path via FAA Part 141"
      - "Minimum 120 flight hours required under Part 141"
      - "High-performance & complex aircraft endorsements included"
      - "Professional standards training—not just checkride minimums"
      - "Experienced instructors dedicated to career preparation"
    requirements:
      - "Valid Private Pilot Certificate"
      - "Instrument Rating (required)"
      - "Current FAA medical certificate (2nd class minimum)"
      - "18 years of age"
      - "Meet Part 141 or Part 61 flight time requirements"

firstCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/n1449c-cessna-172s-student-with-certificate-leaning-on-plane.jpg"
  title: "The Eagle Aircraft Advantage"
  upperheader: "Professional Development"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Most of our students utilize the Part 141 path, which is the primary requirement for our university and international partners. This structured syllabus uses Phase Checks to gauge competency, ensuring you are hitting your marks at every step of the program."
    - "You’ll finish your training with real-world proficiency in complex, high-performance aircraft. This experience is vital when applying for your first commercial job in charter or cargo operations."

whatIsIncluded:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/n1449c-cessna-172s-student-with-certificate-leaning-on-plane.jpg"
  title: "Comprehensive Commercial Training"
  upperheader: "What's Included"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Our Commercial program provides an efficient path for students enrolled in professional pilot programs, focusing on advanced maneuvers and complex systems."
  bulletPointLists:
    - title: "Flight Training"
      items:
        - "Minimum 120 hours flight time (Part 141)"
        - "Complex aircraft training (retractable gear, constant-speed prop)"
        - "High-performance endorsement (200+ HP)"
        - "Advanced maneuvers: Chandelles, Lazy Eights, Eights-on-Pylons"
        - "Precision power-off 180-degree accuracy landings"
    - title: "Ground Instruction"
      items:
        - "Structured Part 141 Ground School"
        - "Advanced aerodynamics and commercial regulations"
        - "Scenario-based risk management training"
        - "FAA written and oral exam preparation"
    - title: "Materials & Support"
      items:
        - "All training materials and textbooks"
        - "Complex aircraft checkout (Piper or similar)"
        - "Checkride coordination with a DPE"
        - "Optional on-site housing ($500/month)"

whyUs:
  title: "Who This Program Is For"
  upperheader: "Career Pathways"
  topicTitle: "Aspiring Career Pilots"
  topicDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Commercial certification is the required step before moving into Flight Instructor (CFI) roles to build the time necessary to meet ATP minimums."
  bulletTitle: "Career Opportunities"
  bulletDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Our graduates are prepared for various sectors of the industry, including:"
  bulletPoints:
    - "Charter and Cargo operations"
    - "Flight Instruction (CFI Pathway)"
    - "Aerial Photography and mapping"
    - "Corporate flight departments"
  closingTitle: "Financing Your Goals"
  closingDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "Eagle Aircraft works with several aviation-specific lenders like Stratus Financial, AOPA, and Sallie Mae to help you reach your professional goals."

trainingProgression:
  title: "Phase-Based Commercial Training"
  upperheader: "TRAINING ROADMAP"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Your training follows an FAA-approved syllabus with designated Phase Checks performed by senior flight instructors."
  phases:
    - phaseTitle: "Phase 1: Complex Transition"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Transition to retractable gear and constant-speed prop"
        - "High-performance engine management"
        - "Commercial-level precision standards intro"
        - "First Commercial Phase Check"
    - phaseTitle: "Phase 2: Performance Maneuvers"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Mastering Chandelles, Lazy Eights, and Eights-on-Pylons"
        - "Power-off 180-degree accuracy landings"
        - "Steep spirals and emergency descents"
        - "Maneuver Proficiency Phase Check"
    - phaseTitle: "Phase 3: Cross-Country & Night"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Long-distance commercial cross-country flights"
        - "Advanced night navigation and airport ops"
        - "Focus on ADM and risk management"
        - "Cross-Country Phase Check"
    - phaseTitle: "Phase 4: Checkride Prep"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Comprehensive maneuver review to ACS standards"
        - "Mock oral exams on regulations and systems"
        - "Final Practical Test preparation"
  outcome: "FAA Commercial Pilot Certificate"

faq:
  title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
  upperheader: "CPL INFO"
  qnas:
    - question: "Why is Part 141 training required?"
      answer: "It provides the structure required by our third-party programs (including Liberty University) and allows for more consistent oversight."
    - question: "How many hours are required for the Commercial Certificate?"
      answer: "Under Part 141, the minimum is 120 hours. Under Part 61, the requirement is 250 hours."
    - question: "What is the typical timeline for completion?"
      answer: "The typical timeline is 6–8 months, depending on student schedule and proficiency."
    - question: "Is housing available?"
      answer: "Yes, we offer on-site student housing for $500 per month."

finalCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/facebook/n1449c-cessna-172s-student-with-certificate-leaning-on-plane.jpg"
  title: "Ready to Start Your Professional Career?"
  upperheader: "Enroll Today"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Contact us today to discuss your career goals or to learn more about our commercial pilot training program."
  mainButtonText: "Enroll Now"
  mainButtonLink: "/enrollment"
  secondButtonText: "Contact Us"
  secondButtonLink: "/about/contact"
---
