src/content/programs/international-students.md, before:

---
title: "International Student"
description: "Step-by-step guidance for international students applying for FAA flight training in the United States through the TSA Flight Training Security Program (FTSP). Required for Private, Instrument, and Multi-Engine training."
order: 6
image: "/src/assets/drive/pilot-ifly-looking_ifly_eagle-air_indiana-USA_valparaiso-IN_Flight-school_pilot-training.jpg"
alt: "Pilot looking at iFly, Eagle Aircraft Indiana USA Valparaiso IN flight school pilot training"
reverse: false
top: true

programIntroduction:
  title: "TSA Flight Training Approval"
  upperheader: "International Students"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "All international students seeking flight training in the United States must receive approval through the TSA Flight Training Security Program (FTSP), also known as the Alien Flight Student Program (AFSP)."
    - "This process is mandatory before beginning flight training and applies to students enrolling in Private Pilot, Instrument Rating, and Multi-Engine training at Eagle Aircraft Flight Academy."
  highlights:
    - highlightName: "TSA Fee"
      highlightValue: "$130.00"
    - highlightName: "Duration"
      highlightValue: "365-Day Validity"
  programHighlights:
    benefits:
      - "Required TSA approval for international flight students"
      - "Step-by-step FTSP (AFSP) application guidance"
      - "Fingerprinting and background verification process"
      - "Eagle Aircraft confirmation and support throughout"
      - "Structured FAA Part 141 syllabus environment"
    requirements:
      - "Valid passport and government-issued identification"
      - "Enrollment with Eagle Aircraft Flight Academy"
      - "TSA FTSP application submission"
      - "Payment of TSA processing fee"
      - "Fingerprint submission when requested"

firstCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/drive/pilot-ifly-looking_ifly_eagle-air_indiana-USA_valparaiso-IN_Flight-school_pilot-training.jpg"
  title: "FTSP / AFSP Process Overview"
  upperheader: "Getting Started"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "The TSA conducts a background security assessment for international flight students. Once approved, students may begin training, but training must start promptly, as approval and visa eligibility are typically valid for 365 days."
    - "Students are responsible for submitting applications, fees, and fingerprints directly to the TSA, while Eagle Aircraft confirms enrollment as the training provider."

whatIsIncluded:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/drive/pilot-ifly-looking_ifly_eagle-air_indiana-USA_valparaiso-IN_Flight-school_pilot-training.jpg"
  title: "Application Details & Course Codes"
  upperheader: "Submission Guide"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Log in to the Flight School Candidate portal and complete the application using the following specific information for Eagle Aircraft."
  bulletPointLists:
    - title: "Course Identification Numbers"
      items:
        - "101 — Private Pilot"
        - "103 — Instrument Rating"
        - "104 — Multi-Engine Rating"
    - title: "Aircraft Types"
      items:
        - "Cessna 172 / Cessna 150 — Private through Commercial"
        - "Piper Aircraft — Complex aircraft training"
        - "Beechcraft Baron — Multi-Engine training"
    - title: "Required Provider Info"
      items:
        - "Category: 3"
        - "Provider: Eagle Aircraft"
        - "Student ID: First initial + last name"

whyUs:
  title: "The International Advantage"
  upperheader: "Compliance & Support"
  topicTitle: "Standardized 141 Training"
  topicDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "At Eagle Aircraft, international training is primarily conducted under our FAA Part 141 syllabus, providing the structured environment required for most international training programs."
  bulletTitle: "Important Compliance Notes"
  bulletDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "To maintain your eligibility and training status, please note the following:"
  bulletPoints:
    - "Training must begin immediately after TSA approval"
    - "You are not required to register commercial training with TSA"
    - "Each specific rating requires its own unique TSA request"
    - "Approval and visa eligibility are valid for 365 days"
  closingTitle: "Professional Record Keeping"
  closingDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "It is vital to save and print all TSA forms, payment receipts, and email confirmations for your personal records throughout your time in the United States."

trainingProgression:
  title: "TSA Application Roadmap"
  upperheader: "Step-by-step"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Follow these sequential steps to secure your TSA flight training authorization."
  phases:
    - phaseTitle: "Step 1: Account Creation"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Visit the FTSP website and create a candidate account"
        - "Receive login credentials via email"
    - phaseTitle: "Step 2: Submit Application"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Enter course details and aircraft types"
        - "Set start date approx. 30 days from application"
        - "Set end date 1 year after start date"
    - phaseTitle: "Step 3: School Confirmation"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Eagle Aircraft confirms your enrollment"
        - "TSA prompts for the $130 application fee"
    - phaseTitle: "Step 4: Fingerprinting"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Pay the TSA processing fee"
        - "Receive AFSP Training Request Number"
        - "Submit fingerprints as instructed by TSA"
  outcome: "TSA Training Approval"

faq:
  title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
  upperheader: "TSA INFO"
  qnas:
    - question: "When do I pay the TSA fee?"
      answer: "Payment is requested after Eagle Aircraft confirms your enrollment in the TSA portal."
    - question: "How long is my approval valid?"
      answer: "Approval and visa eligibility are typically valid for 365 days."
    - question: "Do I need a separate request for each rating?"
      answer: "Yes, each rating (Private, Instrument, Multi-Engine) requires its own TSA request."
    - question: "Is commercial training required to be registered?"
      answer: "No, you are not required to register commercial pilot training with the TSA."

finalCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/drive/pilot-ifly-looking_ifly_eagle-air_indiana-USA_valparaiso-IN_Flight-school_pilot-training.jpg"
  title: "Ready to Begin Your FAA Training?"
  upperheader: "Contact Us"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "If you experience issues or have questions at any point in the TSA process, Eagle Aircraft is available to assist."
  mainButtonText: "Contact Academy"
  mainButtonLink: "/about/contact"
  secondButtonText: "Call Now"
  secondButtonLink: "tel:+12194640132"
---

Commit message:

Adds warning for pricing ranges + format prices to match range format

src/content/programs/international-students.md, after:

---
title: "International Student"
description: "Step-by-step guidance for international students applying for FAA flight training in the United States through the TSA Flight Training Security Program (FTSP). Required for Private, Instrument, and Multi-Engine training.<br><span>*Contact us for your personalized pricing estimate</span>"
order: 6
image: "/src/assets/drive/pilot-ifly-looking_ifly_eagle-air_indiana-USA_valparaiso-IN_Flight-school_pilot-training.jpg"
alt: "Pilot looking at iFly, Eagle Aircraft Indiana USA Valparaiso IN flight school pilot training"
reverse: false
top: true

programIntroduction:
  title: "TSA Flight Training Approval"
  upperheader: "International Students"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "All international students seeking flight training in the United States must receive approval through the TSA Flight Training Security Program (FTSP), also known as the Alien Flight Student Program (AFSP)."
    - "This process is mandatory before beginning flight training and applies to students enrolling in Private Pilot, Instrument Rating, and Multi-Engine training at Eagle Aircraft Flight Academy."
  highlights:
    - highlightName: "TSA Fee"
      highlightValue: "$130.00"
    - highlightName: "Duration"
      highlightValue: "365-Day Validity"
  programHighlights:
    benefits:
      - "Required TSA approval for international flight students"
      - "Step-by-step FTSP (AFSP) application guidance"
      - "Fingerprinting and background verification process"
      - "Eagle Aircraft confirmation and support throughout"
      - "Structured FAA Part 141 syllabus environment"
    requirements:
      - "Valid passport and government-issued identification"
      - "Enrollment with Eagle Aircraft Flight Academy"
      - "TSA FTSP application submission"
      - "Payment of TSA processing fee"
      - "Fingerprint submission when requested"

firstCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/drive/pilot-ifly-looking_ifly_eagle-air_indiana-USA_valparaiso-IN_Flight-school_pilot-training.jpg"
  title: "FTSP / AFSP Process Overview"
  upperheader: "Getting Started"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "The TSA conducts a background security assessment for international flight students. Once approved, students may begin training, but training must start promptly, as approval and visa eligibility are typically valid for 365 days."
    - "Students are responsible for submitting applications, fees, and fingerprints directly to the TSA, while Eagle Aircraft confirms enrollment as the training provider."

whatIsIncluded:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/drive/pilot-ifly-looking_ifly_eagle-air_indiana-USA_valparaiso-IN_Flight-school_pilot-training.jpg"
  title: "Application Details & Course Codes"
  upperheader: "Submission Guide"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Log in to the Flight School Candidate portal and complete the application using the following specific information for Eagle Aircraft."
  bulletPointLists:
    - title: "Course Identification Numbers"
      items:
        - "101 — Private Pilot"
        - "103 — Instrument Rating"
        - "104 — Multi-Engine Rating"
    - title: "Aircraft Types"
      items:
        - "Cessna 172 / Cessna 150 — Private through Commercial"
        - "Piper Aircraft — Complex aircraft training"
        - "Beechcraft Baron — Multi-Engine training"
    - title: "Required Provider Info"
      items:
        - "Category: 3"
        - "Provider: Eagle Aircraft"
        - "Student ID: First initial + last name"

whyUs:
  title: "The International Advantage"
  upperheader: "Compliance & Support"
  topicTitle: "Standardized 141 Training"
  topicDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "At Eagle Aircraft, international training is primarily conducted under our FAA Part 141 syllabus, providing the structured environment required for most international training programs."
  bulletTitle: "Important Compliance Notes"
  bulletDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "To maintain your eligibility and training status, please note the following:"
  bulletPoints:
    - "Training must begin immediately after TSA approval"
    - "You are not required to register commercial training with TSA"
    - "Each specific rating requires its own unique TSA request"
    - "Approval and visa eligibility are valid for 365 days"
  closingTitle: "Professional Record Keeping"
  closingDescriptionParagraphs:
    - "It is vital to save and print all TSA forms, payment receipts, and email confirmations for your personal records throughout your time in the United States."

trainingProgression:
  title: "TSA Application Roadmap"
  upperheader: "Step-by-step"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "Follow these sequential steps to secure your TSA flight training authorization."
  phases:
    - phaseTitle: "Step 1: Account Creation"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Visit the FTSP website and create a candidate account"
        - "Receive login credentials via email"
    - phaseTitle: "Step 2: Submit Application"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Enter course details and aircraft types"
        - "Set start date approx. 30 days from application"
        - "Set end date 1 year after start date"
    - phaseTitle: "Step 3: School Confirmation"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Eagle Aircraft confirms your enrollment"
        - "TSA prompts for the $130 application fee"
    - phaseTitle: "Step 4: Fingerprinting"
      phaseBulletPoints:
        - "Pay the TSA processing fee"
        - "Receive AFSP Training Request Number"
        - "Submit fingerprints as instructed by TSA"
  outcome: "TSA Training Approval"

faq:
  title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
  upperheader: "TSA INFO"
  qnas:
    - question: "When do I pay the TSA fee?"
      answer: "Payment is requested after Eagle Aircraft confirms your enrollment in the TSA portal."
    - question: "How long is my approval valid?"
      answer: "Approval and visa eligibility are typically valid for 365 days."
    - question: "Do I need a separate request for each rating?"
      answer: "Yes, each rating (Private, Instrument, Multi-Engine) requires its own TSA request."
    - question: "Is commercial training required to be registered?"
      answer: "No, you are not required to register commercial pilot training with the TSA."

finalCTA:
  mainImage: "/src/assets/drive/pilot-ifly-looking_ifly_eagle-air_indiana-USA_valparaiso-IN_Flight-school_pilot-training.jpg"
  title: "Ready to Begin Your FAA Training?"
  upperheader: "Contact Us"
  descriptionParagraphs:
    - "If you experience issues or have questions at any point in the TSA process, Eagle Aircraft is available to assist."
  mainButtonText: "Contact Academy"
  mainButtonLink: "/about/contact"
  secondButtonText: "Call Now"
  secondButtonLink: "tel:+12194640132"
---
